---
title: 'Test'
date: 2024-02-15
permalink: /posts/2024/02/Test/
tags:
  - Summary
  - Plan
---


This is summary of 2023 and plan of 2024

## 1. Summary
In the last year 2023, I finished many meaningful things like postgraduate recommendation,  scholarship defense and the detail is as follows:

- _2023.02.20_: __MCM/ICM Honorable Mention__
- _2023.04.23_: __Blue Bridge Second Prize in BeiJing__
- _2023.08.20_: __"Internet Plus" Competition First Prize in BeiJing__
- _2023.09.28_: __Completing the application for the graduate recommendation system__

Overall, though I didn't pass the interview of FuDan University and the Management science and engineer in my undergraduate school BUAA, I luckily performed perfectly in the interview of other major.

The best advancement in the last year is that __I have been more confident, not only in the defense of competition in front of many bosses, but also I started to work for what I need and wanted__.

However, I still have many drawbacks(or produced some new), my desire to study got lower and lower, I think this is the most serious problem for my development. 

## 2. Plan

I have relaxed and rested myself enough, in the next year, I will try many new things and improve myself further.

1. The first important thing is my __undergraduate thesis__, opening report(next two weeks) -> experiment code and run(next one month) -> paper(parallel with code), I will try to finish it before April.
2. Start my first Internship in the company I will work in the future.
3.  Try to get to know some related knowledge about topic and the Java framework must be mastered in the next one month.
4. I will try to relax myself, reading and exercising, visit some scenery is also a good choice for me.
5. Lose weight from 87.5 kilograms to 75.
6. Make my own server and compile my blog system.
